README.md, before:

# Design
A collection of graphic design assets I've made for various projects

## Open source

### FUCS Glyphs

This is a collection of computing-related icons made for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The bugs are intended as graphics for any debugging-themed events. Individual SVGs and PNGs of each are available, and all are free to use under the WTFPL.

<img src="Open source/FUCS - Glyphs/Glyphs.png" alt="drawing" width="100%"/>

## Closed

These design assets are not to be reused/modified/reproduced elsewhere.

### FUCS Facebook Banner

The 2022 Facebook banner for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The blue version was created by me, with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process. The green & purple version was produced via later modifications by the club president.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Facebook Banner/FB Banner v51.png" alt="A banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Facebook Banner/FB Banner v52.png" alt="A banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

### FUCS Logo

The 2022 logo for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The blue version was created by me, with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process. The green & purple version was produced via later modifications by the club president.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Logo/Logo v19.png" alt="A computer monitor with the letters F, U, C, and S in a grid, surrounded by scattered computing-related icons" width="49.5%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Logo/Logo v21.png" alt="A computer monitor with the letters F, U, C, and S in a grid, surrounded by scattered computing-related icons" width="49.5%"/>

### FUCS and FLASC Table Banners

Banners for the Flinders Uni Computer Society and FLinders Academic Science Club, to suspend above their stalls at O'Week and other similar events. FUCS' banner was made as an SVG with Inkscape, while FLASC's banner was made in Canva. Both were ordered together to reduce costs, printed on coreflute, with several copies made at no additional cost. The logo and background-glyphs for FLASC's banner were made by others, though I was involved in converting them to SVGs/etc and cleaning up the resulting messy files.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Table Banner/Table banner v19 1300x150.png" alt="A wide banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

<img src="Closed/FLASC - Table Banner/FLASC Table Banner v11 small.png" alt="A wide banner saying 'Finders Academic Science Club', surrounded by scattered science-related icons" width="100%"/>

### FUCS Merchandise

Merchandise organised for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. I heard the slogan from someone else, forgot who, and then everyone I asked said it wasn't them. The designs for the front & back were developed by me with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process, and the merch was printed by Topline Promotions on AS Colour clothes in a variety of colours & sizes (only some are shown here).

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-top-berry-1-front.png" alt="Crop top viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-top-berry-2-back.png" alt="Crop top viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/hoodie-bright-royal-1-front.png" alt="Hoodie viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/hoodie-bright-royal-2-back.png" alt="Hoodie viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-hoodie-coal-1-front.png" alt="Cropped hoodie viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-hoodie-coal-2-back.png" alt="Cropped hoodie viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/jumper-forest-green-1-front.png" alt="Jumper viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/jumper-forest-green-2-back.png" alt="Jumper viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/t-shirt-copper-1-front.png" alt="T-shirt viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/t-shirt-copper-2-back.png" alt="T-shirt viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

### FLASC Merchandise

Merchandise organised for the FLinders Academic Science Club. Two other designs were also printed, however they were primarily developed by others, with my only jobs being to convert them to SVG format so they could be printed, test out different colours, make previews, etc. This design was developed by me, with feedback from others along the way, and was based on the existing FLASC logo seen in the table-banner above. The multi-coloured colour scheme was adapted from the designs used for the club's 2019 'Drinking CaPS' pubcrawl (when they went by the name Thinking CaPS).

<img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc 3.10 blue-bg cropped.png" alt="Conical flask with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside it" width="32%"/> <img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc on carolina-blue preview.png" alt="Light blue jumper with a conical flasc to one side of the chest, with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside the flask" width="32%"/> <img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc on black preview.png" alt="Black jumper with a conical flasc to one side of the chest, with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside the flask" width="32%"/>

### FUCS Studying!

Adverstising for a study session run by the Flinders Uni Computer Society, in poster/slide/social-media formats. Assembled in Canva from components made using Inkscape. The computer character/mascot was made previously by others in the club.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - FUCS Studying!/FUCS Studying Collage 2022 S1.png" alt="Poster, social media square, and slide adverstising FUCS Studying!" width="100%"/>

Commit message:

Add note on font used for FUCS banners

README.md, after:

# Design
A collection of graphic design assets I've made for various projects

## Open source

### FUCS Glyphs

This is a collection of computing-related icons made for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The bugs are intended as graphics for any debugging-themed events. Individual SVGs and PNGs of each are available, and all are free to use under the WTFPL.

<img src="Open source/FUCS - Glyphs/Glyphs.png" alt="drawing" width="100%"/>

## Closed

These design assets are not to be reused/modified/reproduced elsewhere.

### FUCS Facebook Banner

The 2022 Facebook banner for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The blue version was created by me, with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process. The green & purple version was produced via later modifications by the club president. The font used is a modified version of Audiowide by Brian J. Bonislawsky, licensed under the SIL Open Font License.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Facebook Banner/FB Banner v51.png" alt="A banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Facebook Banner/FB Banner v52.png" alt="A banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

### FUCS Logo

The 2022 logo for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. The blue version was created by me, with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process. The green & purple version was produced via later modifications by the club president.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Logo/Logo v19.png" alt="A computer monitor with the letters F, U, C, and S in a grid, surrounded by scattered computing-related icons" width="49.5%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Logo/Logo v21.png" alt="A computer monitor with the letters F, U, C, and S in a grid, surrounded by scattered computing-related icons" width="49.5%"/>

### FUCS and FLASC Table Banners

Banners for the Flinders Uni Computer Society and FLinders Academic Science Club, to suspend above their stalls at O'Week and other similar events. FUCS' banner was made as an SVG with Inkscape, while FLASC's banner was made in Canva. Both were ordered together to reduce costs, printed on coreflute, with several copies made at no additional cost. The logo and background-glyphs for FLASC's banner were made by others, though I was involved in converting them to SVGs/etc and cleaning up the resulting messy files.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Table Banner/Table banner v19 1300x150.png" alt="A wide banner saying 'FUCS: The Flinders University Computer Society', surrounded by a network of computing-related icons" width="100%"/>

<img src="Closed/FLASC - Table Banner/FLASC Table Banner v11 small.png" alt="A wide banner saying 'Finders Academic Science Club', surrounded by scattered science-related icons" width="100%"/>

### FUCS Merchandise

Merchandise organised for the Flinders Uni Computer Society. I heard the slogan from someone else, forgot who, and then everyone I asked said it wasn't them. The designs for the front & back were developed by me with significant feedback from others to guide each step of the process, and the merch was printed by Topline Promotions on AS Colour clothes in a variety of colours & sizes (only some are shown here).

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-top-berry-1-front.png" alt="Crop top viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-top-berry-2-back.png" alt="Crop top viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/hoodie-bright-royal-1-front.png" alt="Hoodie viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/hoodie-bright-royal-2-back.png" alt="Hoodie viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-hoodie-coal-1-front.png" alt="Cropped hoodie viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/crop-hoodie-coal-2-back.png" alt="Cropped hoodie viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/jumper-forest-green-1-front.png" alt="Jumper viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/jumper-forest-green-2-back.png" alt="Jumper viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

<img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/t-shirt-copper-1-front.png" alt="T-shirt viewed from the front, showing '404 no FUCS found' surrounded by a network of dots" width="49%"/> <img src="Closed/FUCS - Merch/Previews/t-shirt-copper-2-back.png" alt="T-shirt viewed from the back, showing a duck made of ASCII characters" width="49%"/>

### FLASC Merchandise

Merchandise organised for the FLinders Academic Science Club. Two other designs were also printed, however they were primarily developed by others, with my only jobs being to convert them to SVG format so they could be printed, test out different colours, make previews, etc. This design was developed by me, with feedback from others along the way, and was based on the existing FLASC logo seen in the table-banner above. The multi-coloured colour scheme was adapted from the designs used for the club's 2019 'Drinking CaPS' pubcrawl (when they went by the name Thinking CaPS).

<img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc 3.10 blue-bg cropped.png" alt="Conical flask with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside it" width="32%"/> <img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc on carolina-blue preview.png" alt="Light blue jumper with a conical flasc to one side of the chest, with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside the flask" width="32%"/> <img src="Closed/FLASC - Merch/Multicolour flasc on black preview.png" alt="Black jumper with a conical flasc to one side of the chest, with the letters F, L, A, S, C squished inside the flask" width="32%"/>

### FUCS Studying!

Adverstising for a study session run by the Flinders Uni Computer Society, in poster/slide/social-media formats. Assembled in Canva from components made using Inkscape. The computer character/mascot was made previously by others in the club.

<img src="Closed/FUCS - FUCS Studying!/FUCS Studying Collage 2022 S1.png" alt="Poster, social media square, and slide adverstising FUCS Studying!" width="100%"/>
